Chore: (Intro to Storybook) Updates for 6.5 (#614)
chromaui/learnstorybook.com: content/intro-to-storybook/angular/en/screen.md

Finally, with your Storybook running, open up a new terminal window and run the following command:

```bash
npm run test-storybook -- --watch
```

<div class="aside">

> 💡 Interaction testing with the play function is a fantastic way to test your UI components. It can do much more than we've seen here; we recommend reading the <a href="https://storybook.js.org/docs/angular/writing-tests/interaction-testing">official documentation</a> to learn more about it. However, there are more ways you can improve testing. In the <a href="/ui-testing-handbook">Testing Handbook</a>, we'll teach you that, by introducing you to strategies used by scaled-front-end teams that will help supercharge your development workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 Interaction testing with the play function is a fantastic way to test your UI components. It can do much more than we've seen here; we recommend reading the <a href="https://storybook.js.org/docs/angular/writing-tests/interaction-testing">official documentation</a> to learn more about it. 
<br />
For an even deeper dive into testing, check out the <a href="/ui-testing-handbook">Testing Handbook</a>. It covers testing strategies used by scaled-front-end teams to supercharge your development workflow.
```

Reviewer: Same for the other frameworks
